C1: What is the Opportunity Atlas developed by Harvard economist Raj Chetty? 
Answer: The Opportunity Atlas is a research project developed by Harvard economist Raj Chetty that reveals the lowest rates of social mobility in the US. 
C2: What city was the low-income apartment complex located in?
Answer: The low-income apartment complex was located in Charleston, South Carolina. 
C3: What program created by Raj Chetty’s Opportunity Insights research group showed dramatic improvements in social mobility for low-income families?
Answer: The program created by Raj Chetty’s Opportunity Insights research group that showed dramatic improvements in social mobility for low-income families is a low-cost program.

C1. What is the main purpose of housing vouchers? 
Answer: The main purpose of housing vouchers is to provide federal aid to low-income households to pay their rent.
C2. What did the study in Seattle reveal about housing vouchers? 
Answer: The study in Seattle revealed that adding a few additional services, implemented at low cost, can make housing vouchers work much more effectively as a bridge to opportunity.
C3. What are the benefits of moving vulnerable families into higher-opportunity neighborhoods? 
Answer: The benefits of moving vulnerable families into higher-opportunity neighborhoods include mental health benefits and a better economic outlook for their children.

C1: What was the average household income of the families participating in the study? 
Answer: $19,600. 
C2: How much did families pay toward rent on average? 
Answer: 30% of their income. 
C3: What was the result of the experiment? 
Answer: 40% improvement in the number of families moving into high-opportunity neighborhoods.

C1: What services are offered to families in the Creating Moves to Opportunity intervention? 
Answer: Services include information about the benefits for children who grow up in high-opportunity areas, family navigator coaching, and cash for rental fees, insurance, deposits, etc. 
C2: How do the family navigators help families?
Answer: Family navigators provide coaching for families when they’re filling out rental applications and searching for houses, and help families build a rental resume to explain difficult circumstances. 
C3: What is the purpose of providing cash to participating families?
Answer: Cash is provided to overcome barriers such as application fees, rental insurance, security deposits, and first/last months’ rent.

C1: What are landlord-facing services?
Answer: Landlord-facing services are services used by landlords to reach out to potential tenants. 
C2: What is the Creating Moves to Opportunity experiment?
Answer: The Creating Moves to Opportunity experiment is a program that offers landlords a loss-mitigation fund and educates them on discrimination based on source of income. 
C3: How much does the program cost?
Answer: The program costs $2,600 per family per voucher issued, on average.

C1: What did the Moving to Opportunity study of the 1990s show? 
Answer: The Moving to Opportunity study of the 1990s showed that there could be mental health benefits from moving out of neighborhoods with high poverty.
C2: What is narrative interviewing? 
Answer: Narrative interviewing is a semi-structured conversational method that incorporates research questions.
C3: What have researchers found in the Seattle trial so far? 
Answer: Researchers have found that 62% of families involved in the Seattle trial reported a "very high" level of satisfaction with their neighborhood moves compared to those in the control group (29%).

C1: What is the Housing Choice Voucher Mobility Demonstration Act? 
Answer: The Housing Choice Voucher Mobility Demonstration Act is a law passed by Congress in 2018 that authorizes public housing agencies to conduct housing mobility pilots. 
C2: What does the Opportunity Atlas map out? 
Answer: The Opportunity Atlas maps out troves of data on household income, race, and neighborhood characteristics. 
C3: What policy changes have been proposed to help Section 8 voucher users? 
Answer: Policy changes proposed to help Section 8 voucher users include using Small Area Fair Market Rents to calculate voucher value, banning landlord discrimination based on source of income, and helping voucher users and landlords figure out how to use the vouchers.

C1: What was the research about?
Answer: The research was about intergenerational mobility and how frictions and barriers can lead people to make different choices. 
C2: What city was the follow-up experiment conducted in?
Answer: The follow-up experiment was conducted in Charlotte, North Carolina. 
C3: What did the study reveal about the South and Southeast region?
Answer: The study revealed that there were few bright spots in terms of mobility in the South as a whole and the Southeast in particular.

C1: What are the effects of gentrification according to recent research?
Answer: Displacement of low-income families and vulnerable children.
C2: How have efforts of the federal government to break the grip of segregation not worked?
Answer: Low-income families have not been able to move into better areas.
C3: What does DeLuca mean by “relief”?
Answer: Money is provided in the right way to help people in need.

